Meeting 7 (10-27)
Discussed for 2 hours documentation required and necessary components for Sprint 2 deadline.
Assessed issues completed and problems in some features.
Group discussion on how to progress Sprint 2 remaining tasks and for Sprint 3

Members Present:
Richard
Jimmy
Vladimir
