--------------------------------------------------------
| September 19th, 2024 at 16:15PM - 17:55PM (Thursday) |
--------------------------------------------------------

--Members Present--
● Nesrine Larbi
● Richard Mauricio
● Vladimir Todorov
● Victor Zhou
● Jimmy Ye


--Topics--
1) Discussed the Tech Stack that we're going to be using to move forward on the project 
2) Discussed each members capabilities to properly assign divide and assign tasks
3) Setting up the repository of the project and project template on GitHub

--Tech Stack--
● HTML/CSS/JS
● NodeJs - Backend
● MySQL - Database
● Java

Note: *These technologies may change once the planning has been concretly set in stone*

--Tasks--
●	Implement Student and Instructor login system (with roles).
●	Functionality for instructors to create teams and assign students to specific groups. (For example, importing a course roaster from a CSV file)
●	Ensure teams are visible to both students and instructors.
